6. As a user I want to get a list of all notes.
8. As a user I want to get a list of all Tasks.
10. As a user I want to get a list of all open Tasks for a certain responsible or due date.
13. As a user I want to view meetings ordered by date descending and by the first creation of a note of the meeting.
14. As a user I want to search for meetings by title.
15. As a user I want to search for Tasks by content or responsible.
16. As a user I want to sort Tasks by content, responsible or date.
18. As a user I want to export all Tasks.
20. As a user I want to be able to format text using *bold*, _underlined_, /italics/, 1. ordered lists and - unordered lists, --> Arrow.
21. As a new user I want to have an informative website to understand it before I use it, e.g. http://cloudme.org/projects/notepad
22. As a user I want to be able to jump to overdue and future todos in the todo list.
23. As a user I want to see a highlight in the menu bar, which is the selected function.
28. As a user I want to see relative dates (x days ago... in x days)
29. As a user I want to be able to switch between absolute and relative dates
30. As a developer I want to change meeting -> topic and todo -> task in class, package and URL.

-- Closed --
1. As a user I want to enter short notes quickly and effortlessly. (done)
2. As a user I want to update and delete notes. (done)
3. As a user I want to get a list of all meetings I have created notes to. (done, but not pretty)
4. As a user I want to get a list of all notes I have created for a meeting. (done)
5. As a user I want to export all notes of a meeting. (done)
7. As a user I want to check all notes that have either a due date or a responsible or both. These notes are "Tasks". (done)
9. As a user I want to get a list of all open Tasks. (done)
18. As a user I want to use a checkbox and not a "open/done" button to close todos. (done)
11. As a user I want to have a pretty representation of lists of meetings. (done)
12. As a user I want to have a pretty representation of notes and lists of notes. (done)
17. As a user I want to see updates even when used on EDGE on the iPhone, and not a cached version. (done)
19. As a user I want to have a better application icon. (done)
26. As a user I want to hide ticked notes in the task list - after a certain amount of time. (done)
27. As a user I want to see the number of tasks reduced when I tick them. (done)
24. As a user I want to see the most recent topics when creating an empty, new note. (done)
25. As a user I want to create a new note for the topic I click on the recent topics list. (done)